Mm.
But what I'd definitely say is embracing uncertainty
is really important because when everyone is looking towards
that end goal, they try and solve it in, in day one.
And it does take time to, to create the clear ideas
or to create the unique ideas.
And that is a process and it's a team process.
So you need to come up with loads of really,
really bad ideas to get a good idea.
And it's quite nice at that first stage that,
like you were saying, the sort of unfinished part,
like it doesn't have to be like a final thing,
so you can just sketch stuff out and like mm-hmm.
I don't know about you guys, but I always
grew up like doodling. So sort.
Well I guess this has kind of made its way,
Yeah. This has made its
way that's made its way.
I don't think that this made it, this turned into something.
I'm not really sure what that is, ocean door,
That, but mm-hmm.
Motion doodles, dunno. Yeah.
And I think something important that you said, Dan,
is knowing when to stop.
Like, I feel like it's really great in that kind
of ideation phase when you can just make and make and make,
but also knowing that because you're unrestricted on
what you can make, it's good
to like pause and then just move on. Definitely.
And just like, you've gotta bounce on, it's like, okay,
just get my thoughts down however.
Mm-hmm. You know, and then it's like, okay, there's,
I've just about managed to capture what I want to.
Mm-hmm. Or at least show the intent of where I want
to take it and then move on.
I think it's like the unfinished part as well is
when is anything ever finished? Yeah. Really
With the, um, the M-T-V-V-M-A stuff, the,
so those giant billboards are anamorphic
and they have to be set up in a very particular
way to get perspective.
And we didn't have the information we needed to set that up.
Right. Because it's very technical
and there was talk of like, okay,
maybe we just use those screens, but we use them flat.
Um, and then Victor, one
of the motion designers was just adamant, he was like,
I don't want my work to be done flat
when it could be so much better.
Yeah. I mean the, the thing with the screens
and the VMA, like the, the client was like, okay,
we have all of these screens
and they have used them in the past for, uh,
other VMA, uh, projects.
So like, okay, this is my chance.
You, you don't really get that many chances
as a motion designer to do that.
And it turned out it's a lot harder than I thought it was.
Uh, obviously. And I had to do all sort of things for that.
Like, at first you have to build like the actual space
where the billboard leaves in 3D
with like super accurate measurements.
Then you have to place the camera at the exact distance
where the person will be seeing it at like the
average human height.
And yeah, that was a long process.
And then you just like make the animation in 3D
and then you flatten it.
And when I flatten it, it looked so messed up
Better. So he
researched, tried to get
as much information as he did.
We went back to the client like, can you try
and push from your end, get us the spec.
And so sometimes just letting that ambition
and letting yourself,
or knowing yourself how good it can be if you really push it
and just letting that drive you can just really help kind
of, you know, a time constraint, the technical constraints
and you know, sometimes those things do limit you,
but you know, you've gotta try pushing 'em first
because you never quite know.
And ultimately it turned out looking f*****g awesome.
Very cool. So it was a big gamble and it paid off.